h1. Sequencers

Sequencers is an application designed to generate various sequencings from any text the user enters.

More information will be added as we develop the application.

This application's basic setup is based on Daniel Kehoe's Rails_Apps.

h2. Credits

Daniel Kehoe ("http://danielkehoe.com/":http://danielkehoe.com/) implemented the application entitled ("https://github.com/RailsApps/rails-prelaunch-signup/":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails-prelaunch-signup/), and wrote the ("tutorial":http://railsapps.github.com/tutorial-rails-prelaunch-signup.html) for that application template.  You can follow Dan's work at "@rails_apps":http://twitter.com/rails_apps

h2. License

h4. The code existing in this Sequencers as of April 3 is under Public Domain Dedication, as written by Daniel Kehoe for the rails-prelaunch-signup app noted above. That dedication reads as : 'This work is a compilation and derivation from other previously released works. With the exception of various included works, which may be restricted by other licenses, the author or authors of this code dedicate any and all copyright interest in this code to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this code under copyright law.'

h4. The code written and committed after this date is authored by Kathy Onu at goodworksonearth.org and is licensed work.  You may use the application as we design it for your own personal use. You may not use this application, or our codings creating the sequencers and their results in any corporate or for profit manner whatsoever without our express permission in writing.

h4. The Sequencers application is shared as a matter of public records of the ongoing researches at goodworksonearth.org. 
